Refactoring Laboratories (#343)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: operators/README.md

> # CrownLabs operators

Reviewer: Would it be possible to merge a bit the two README files? Just to make it a bit more general (as it is no longer the lab-operator README file), as well as to make sure all instructions still work (many commands appear out of date).

* An instance of [Oauth2 Proxy](https://github.com/oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy) (Deployment, Service, Ingress) to regulate access to the VM.

All those resources are binded to the LabInstance life-cycle via the [OwnerRef property](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/garbage-collection/)

### Installation

#### Pre-requirements

The only LabOperator requirement is to have Kubevirt deployed.
This can be done with the following commands, as reported by the official website:

```bash
# On other OS you might need to define it like
export KUBEVIRT_VERSION="v0.34.0"

# Deploy the KubeVirt operator
kubectl create -f https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/releases/download/${KUBEVIRT_VERSION}/kubevirt-operator.yaml
# Only if HW Virtualization is not available
kubectl create configmap kubevirt-config -n kubevirt --from-literal debug.useEmulation=true
# Deploy Kubevirt
kubectl create -f https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/releases/download/${KUBEVIRT_VERSION}/kubevirt-cr.yaml
```

#### Deployment
To deploy the LabOperator in your cluster, you have to do the following steps.

> First, set the desired values in `operators/labInstance-operator/k8s-manifest-example.env` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, set the desired values in `operators/deploy/laboratory-operator/k8s-manifest-example.env` .
```

Then export the environment variables and generate the manifest from the template using:
```

> export $(xargs < k8s-manifest-example.env)

Reviewer: I would add `cd operators/deploy/laboratory-operator` at the beginning, just for clarity

envsubst < k8s-manifest.yaml.tmpl > k8s-manifest.yaml
```

After the manifest have been correctly generated. You can deploy the labOperator using:

```
kubectl apply -f k8s-manifest.yaml
```

### Build from source

LabOperator requires Golang 1.13 and make. To build the operator:

```bash
go build ./cmd/laboratory-operator/main.go
```

#### Testing

After having installed Kubevirt in your testing cluster, you have to deploy the Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) on the target cluster:

```bash
make install

> make install-lab-template

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This should no longer be needed

```

Then, you can launch locally your operator:

```bash

> make run

Reviewer: There is no longer a `make run` target in the makefile, as it would become meaningless when adding new operators.
